add development instructions (#988)
haddocking/haddock3: DEVELOPMENT.md

On **OSX**, use rather [brew](https://brew.sh) to install Python 3.9:

```bash
brew install python@3.9
```

Then `python3.9` should be available on your system at `/opt/homebrew/bin/python3.9`

#### Git

On a **Linux-based** system:

```bash
sudo apt-get install git
```

#### gcc

On a **Linux-based** system:

```bash
sudo apt-get install gcc
```

#### OpenMPI

On a **Linux-based** system:

```bash
sudo apt-get install openmpi-bin libopenmpi3 libopenmpi-dev
```

**Note** that this step is not required on OSX.

## Setting up the development environment

### Clone the repository

```bash
git clone --recursive https://github.com/haddocking/haddock3.git
cd haddock3
```

### Python environment

We recomend you use Python's native virtual environment to manage the dependencies.

```bash
python3.9 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```

### Install Python dependencies

Install both project dependencies and test dependencies using pip.

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt &&
  pip install \
    coverage==7.2.5 \
    pytest==7.3.1 \
    pytest-cov==4.0.0 \
    hypothesis==6.75.1 \
    pytest-mock==3.12.0 \
    fastapi==0.110.1 \
    httpx==0.27.0 \
    mpi4py==3.1.6
```

> **Note**: On OSX, if the installation of mpi4py fails, use instead `brew install mpi4py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: On OSX, if the installation of mpi4py fails, run first `brew install mpi4py`
```

- git
- gcc
- OpenMPI

### Installing system dependencies

Below the instructions are provided for a Ubuntu system using `apt-get`. If you are using a different system, please refer to the respective package manager - `yum`, `dnf`, `pacman`, `homebrew`, `port`, etc.

#### Python3.9

**Conda is NOT recommended for development. Instead, install and compile Python 3.9 from source.**

On a **Linux-based system** you can install Python 3.9 with the following commands:

```bash
wget https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.9.6/Python-3.9.6.tgz
tar -xf Python-3.9.6.tgz
cd Python-3.9.6
./configure --enable-optimizations
sudo make altinstall -j 8
```

Then `python3.9` should be available on your system at `/usr/local/bin/python3.9`

On **OSX**, use rather [brew](https://brew.sh) to install Python 3.9:

```bash
brew install python@3.9
```

Then `python3.9` should be available on your system at `/opt/homebrew/bin/python3.9`

#### Git

On a **Linux-based** system:

```bash
sudo apt-get install git
```

#### gcc

On a **Linux-based** system:

```bash
sudo apt-get install gcc
```

#### OpenMPI

On a **Linux-based** system:

```bash
sudo apt-get install openmpi-bin libopenmpi3 libopenmpi-dev
```

> **Note** that this step is not required on OSX.

Author: Can someone with an OSX please confirm this? Sounds strange that openmi comes pre-installed @haddocking/haddock-developers

Reviewer: Not functional.
I got an error running the `pip install mpi4py==3.1.6`
But `brew install mpi4py` was functional

Reviewer: But indeed, no need of openmpi things

## Setting up the development environment

### Clone the repository

```bash
git clone --recursive https://github.com/haddocking/haddock3.git
```

### Python environment

We recomend you use Python's native virtual environment to manage the dependencies.

```bash
/usr/local/bin/python3.9 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```

On **OSX** the command would be:

```bash
/opt/homebrew/bin/python3.9 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```

### Install Python dependencies

Install both project dependencies and test dependencies using pip.

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt &&
  pip install \
    coverage==7.2.5 \
    pytest==7.3.1 \
    pytest-cov==4.0.0 \
    hypothesis==6.75.1 \
    pytest-mock==3.12.0 \
    fastapi==0.110.1 \
    httpx==0.27.0 \
    mpi4py==3.1.6
```

Install haddock3 in development mode.

```bash

> python setup.py develop

Reviewer: ```bash
building 'haddock.bin.fast_rmsdmatrix' extension
clang -Wno-unused-result -Wsign-compare -Wunreachable-code -fno-common -dynamic -DNDEBUG -g -fwrapv -O3 -Wall -iwithsysroot/System/Library/Frameworks/System.framework/PrivateHeaders -iwithsysroot/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Library/Frameworks/Python3.framework/Versions/3.9/Headers -arch arm64 -arch x86_64 -Werror=implicit-function-declaration -Wno-error=unreachable-code -I/Users/vreys/Desktop/HADDOCK3/.venv/include -I/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/Library/Frameworks/Python3.framework/Versions/3.9/include/python3.9 -c src/haddock/deps/fast-rmsdmatrix.c -o build/temp.macosx-10.9-universal2-3.9/src/haddock/deps/fast-rmsdmatrix.o -Wall -O3 -march=native -std=c99
error: unknown target CPU 'apple-m1'
note: valid target CPU values are: nocona, core2, penryn, bonnell, atom, silvermont, slm, goldmont, goldmont-plus, tremont, nehalem, corei7, westmere, sandybridge, corei7-avx, ivybridge, core-avx-i, haswell, core-avx2, broadwell, skylake, skylake-avx512, skx, cascadelake, cooperlake, cannonlake, icelake-client, rocketlake, icelake-server, tigerlake, sapphirerapids, alderlake, knl, knm, k8, athlon64, athlon-fx, opteron, k8-sse3, athlon64-sse3, opteron-sse3, amdfam10, barcelona, btver1, btver2, bdver1, bdver2, bdver3, bdver4, znver1, znver2, znver3, x86-64, x86-64-v2, x86-64-v3, x86-64-v4
error: command '/usr/bin/clang' failed with exit code 1
```
